Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
-What's up. boy? All good?
-All good.
All good. All good. gentlemen.
Let's go!
Come on. hurry up.
Let's go. white boy.
Stop right there. white boy.
All good. Go ahead. Go on.
Let's go.
I feel like I know this gringo.
-No shit. from where?
-From Baja.
I think he's the White Devil.
And I have two hands.
Man. seriously.
There is a price on his head.
One second.
Don't play stupid.
Cocksucker!
Hit him! Hit him! Hit him!
Get in. Hurry the fuck up!
What are you looking at? Ass...
The employees understand now
that they have new management.
Well. you were right.
The place was full of fentanyl.
But don't worry. We are clearing it out.
Okay. we are in control.
Well. I don't know about that. Tracy.
But. look. there's some clean coke
that we can turn into cash.
Oh. Tracy. Tracy. Don't worry. Tracy.
I may have a surprise for you.
No. no. no.
But I have some new connections.
Don't give me that bullshit.
Fuck no. Back to the cell.
THE GRINGO
OR THE WIDOW
What can I say?
Hey. I'm never wrong. Tracy.
This one first.
Or this one better.
What's up?
-Hello.
-What's up. brother?
-Andro. Good. How are you?
-Good. and you? Oh. well.
-Hello.
-What's up?
-I'll say hello in a bit.
-No. Dude. it's coming out...
-No. Yes. please.
-Let's see.
-Look how it came out.
-Yes. I saw.
-What are you saying? I was here first.
-Yes. my leftovers.
-Bro. how are you? All good?
-Very good.
My love.
Want a beer?
Angie. come in.
Sometimes I clean up.
Niña. Feli. how are you all? Hello.
Listen. we have a new mystery to solve.
-Let's see.
I need to know
who the real father of this child is.
-Come on. dude.
-Take a look.
-Because he's not yours.
-Why?
He's too cute. look at him.
Take a look at me. we're identical.
The baby is not wearing a wig.
Let's see. Let me take a look at him.
Come on. let's see.
Handsome. tall.
-That's why. Whose child is it?
-No. he does look like you.
He does look like you.
He's gonna suffer a shitload. Poor guy.
-Why is he going to suffer?
-Just look at him.
He's gonna be very attractive.
No. he's identical to his mother.
-How did you fall for this?
-Help me out. They're picking on me.
Of course he's going to look like him.
-No doubt.
-You had it well hidden.
Anybody wants a beer? No?
Some water? Nothing? Yes?
Hon. tell him already.
I think it's time you told him. Ask him.
Right now. it's a good time. Okay?
-Okay.
-It's going to be okay.
Andro. can I talk to you?
Yes. of course.
What's wrong?
I have something crucial to ask you.
The baby's not mine.
Talk to Clavo. You know how that dude is.
Look. you know I don't have any brothers.
Not by blood at least.
And I wanted to ask you...
What do you need?
Feliciana and I...
were wondering if you'd do us the honor
of being Leonardo's godfather.
-If it's too much...
-The honor is mine.
Really?
Set a day and time
and we throw him to the river.
Andro. if I were you.
I'd be a little more careful. okay?
Because Feliciana hasn't touched
this boy in a long while.
Are you jealous?
-A little.
-Get in here.
Love. he said yes!
-Let's toast to that.
-Tequila. tequila.
-Cheers. family.
-Cheers.
Party's over.
We have work tomorrow.
Oh. well.
Attention!
Good morning. Continue.
Congratulations.
Do we know if it's a girl or a boy?
-Thank you. commander. It's a boy.
-Very well.
That little one is going to be
a future gringo hunter.
A prisoner transport?
This prisoner requires special security.
No shit. it's the White Devil.
Who's the White Devil?
The White Devil. from La Misión.
The one who busted up the Baja Cartel?
That one.
White Devil or Black Angel.
It doesn't matter. Get ready!
Are you sure he's the White Devil?
I'm sure. My uncle was in charge
of the team that arrested him in Baja.
Andro. I need a second with you.
Sir. I need a bathroom break.
Go ahead.
-Clavo. you're driving.
-Yes. sir.
Hello.
STATE POLICE
Rolling with one.
All clear.
No signal around here.
Again.
What?
He likes fresh air.
Angelica. let's go. now!
Angelica. that's a fucking order!
Cover me!
Covering!
Red!
Green! Cover me!
Let's go.
-Three.
-Are you sure?
The gringo and the police officers?
How many left. Kiko?
Three. The gringo and two cops.
They lost them in the jungle.
Make sure to block the entrances
to the town
because these fuckers
will probably want to ask for help.
Done.
-Come on. let's go.
-Yes. sir.
Filero. Filerito.
We're going hunting. dude.
Let's go. boys!
Hey! I need everyone to answer.
Let's go. boys! Let's go!
I need communication
with all the available units.
These gringos turned this
into a shitshow. again.
My radio is not working.
Andro. he is right.
Give me his weapon.
That one will knock out
the cellular and landlines.
Who's the owner of the store?
You're closed.
If you see a white guy
and two cops let me know.
Here's some cash for them.
Be on alert.
Off with you. ladies. it's closed.
PILLY GROCERIES
Hit it.
How many more?
Let's go!
Gentlemen! I got news! Come closer!
Come. come!
The syndicate offers 100.000 pesos
to the one who tells me
where the damn gringo is
with his two helpers dressed as cops.
Who wants to earn that money?
Let's go. come on!
If we don't move fast.
we're going to get fucked.
There are tens of men looking for us.
Some have machetes.
others have handguns. long guns.
They are focusing
on the hunt around the river.
Andro. he's right.
They have probably
knocked out the antennas.
Andro. what do you think?
I think that those sons of whores
killed our brothers.
If we try to negotiate with them.
they'll kill us too.
And this gringo is more useful
as a soldier than as a prisoner.
Not yet.
but we're going to send up a drone.
Sir.
When we get to Tracy.
everybody. keep your trap shut.
I'll do the talking. okay?
She's going to be pissed off. boss.
And more so because
we're not bringing the gringo to her.
who. by the way. I want caught alive.
Turn the rest into paste. if you like.
But I want that bastard alive.
you hear me?
All right. sir.
Get ready. dude.
I'll bring him to you tonight
on a silver platter
and an apple in his mouth. if you want.
Don't move.
Throw it!
Easy!
-Hurry!
-All right. easy.
Fucking son of a bitch!
It went through the leg.
The bandage. the bandage.
The bandage. Can you move?
-Can you move?
-Yes. yes. yes.
Let's go.
Which one is it?
-There they are! There they are!
-Have a good day.
Don't die just yet. fucker.
Gentlemen. the way I see it.
you have no way out.
Surrender the gringo
and I give you back this piece of shit.
I have it here.
If you shoot. they'll kill him for real.
Sergeant Alejandro Escobedo!
I give you my word that if you
give me the gringo. I won't kill you.
Focus! They're going to kill us!
Did I sound convincing. Samuel?
-Are you giving him over to me or not?
-Don't do it! Fuck these assholes!
Welcome to the party. fucker.
Get him!
Just like that?
Police officers piss me off.
Cease fire!
Oh. okay.
Assholes.
Hey! Stop the fucking shooting. dumb-ass!
Cuervo. fucking damn it. hold your fire!
Do you get it. Cuervito.
that to torture him. he has to be alive?
Yes. sir.
So why the fuck are you trying
to shoot him down. dumb-ass?
I want him alive. do you hear me?
Alive!
You two. come here.
Go to the cabin
and turn those police officers into paste.
Filero. to the alley. dude.
Yes. sir.
-Gato.
-What?
-You're on point now. dude.
-Fuck yeah.
Move!
Let's go.
I'll cover you.
I'll see how to get out.
At him.
Holy shit!
Close call. bro.
This fucker.
He killed this one.
and he even killed fucking Gato.
This white boy is dead.
Chato. where are the others?
Filero. to the river. now.
Gato?
Gatito?
This one is already fucked.
Kiko?
No. no. no. dude.
This fucker is killing everybody.
Don't even try. We're on our way.
You go with me.
And you. dude. go see who's still alive.
What about the wounded?
Leave them behind. Let's go.
Hurry up. dude!
Fucking damn it.
There's no way. dude!
We're twenty fucking guys
and we can't catch a fucker!
That's why I wanted to kill him!
But no. damn Tracy.
What the fuck is with that?
Son of a bitch!
White Devil?
No. you're the White Devil. dude.
Shit. this dude is right.
Devil?
Little Devil?
Kiko. clear the alley. I'm on my way.
Fucking hurry. dude.
Let's go. Nando!
Where were you assholes?
You mean we are the only three left?
What are you aiming for?
This is over. let's hit the fucking road.
Let's go. Cuervo.
I like this fucking gringo.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
Are you Jake?
What the fuck?
Ah. slowly. slowly!
Open it!
Phone. Phone in the backpack.
Dial number one.
You all know why you're here.
The she-devil is in a hacienda
three kilometers away from here.
I'll take you there!
Yeah. Let's go.
Angelica. take the phone.
Call our people.
After that. hide until they arrive.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to avenge my brothers.
They are my brothers too.
It's an order.
Let's go.
LITTLE CHICKEN
Andro. that's an order.
Samuel. son of a bitch.
They'll be heroes to the people.
and we'll take good care
of their families.
-Who is it?
-It's me. dumb-ass.
Hey. Kiko.
Where's your boss?
Fucking your mother. asshole.
Why don't you pick
"Cuauhtemoc". dude?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm